hi again this video is just basically
about the Stampede again but this time
it's kind of kind of different because
you know the clip that goes right that
was right here it came from the vertical
grip right well I was looking around and
I saw you know the flip up sight for the
recon trash let's just say that my
vertical grip works now thanks to the
only thing that I'm like now which is
the site from the witch mosey anyways
it's a lot better now now my hand is not
in the way before it was like that and
then oh man I mean it was movable and I
just didn't know what from my hand
there's no really space like you know
what fine oh he's this you still get
basic movement and then we went to a
chance it's easy because your hand still
ends up to be here away from the pistol
so it's like it's still good and
something that is wrong with mine my
Stampede is uh it doesn't only fire when
you want it to fire anymore so that's
why I have the circle thing is an air
stricter no it's not restricting my hair
basically I've got to go this junk off
but basically
there is a little pen that moves when I
take that out I just noticed that your
heads kind of tilted sorry about that
that was funny let's see where you oh
you can't see it from that angle you
just kind of see it from up top that
black thing anyways you just push it
down see how goes up and down push it
down and then for me I just got to push
down rotate it and it stays so this
hannah stays open but other than other
than that the gun the gun still works I
wonder if you guys got busy all right
but just basically this is I'm happy the
vertical vertical grip works now yeah
that works and I'm very excited very
excited it works now I'm happy of course
still does yeah Oh peace sorry for the
upside down thing yeah